[Music]
seven effective beauty remedies you can
make at home people all over the world
love coffee for its taste but this drink
has other unusual applications here's
some of the best recipes with coffee
that will help you get rid of all skin
and hair problems
[Music]
cellulite this scrub recipe has been
known since the ancient times first
mixed ground coffee or dried coffee
grounds with the same amount of salt and
then add a few drops of olive oil apply
the scrub onto the steamed skin and
massage it in with slow circular upward
movements to achieve great results
repeat the procedure one to two times a
week hair loss prepare the masks one to
two times a week suppose course of
treatment should consist of 12
applications here's the recipe makes 2
tablespoons of fine or medium ground
coffee with three ounces of seeded olive
oil apply the masks damp hair put it
along the whole length of your hair and
wrap it in foil after 30 minutes rinse
your hair with shampoo keep in mind that
the remedy might cause a change of tint
when used on light hair falling under
the eyes we all know this pain when we
wake up in the morning with large bags
under the eyes to get rid of them makes
a half a tablespoon of ground coffee
beans or fresh coffee grounds and half a
tablespoon of coconut oil a pinch of
ground black pepper and a few drops of
water apply the remedy to your face
under the lower eyelid after the mask
has dried up print it off with warm
water you'll be impressed the results
dry or cracked lip this is a natural way
to make your lips soft and plump makes a
half a tablespoon of coffee grounds and
a half a tablespoon of honey massage the
resulting scrub into your lips for 30
seconds and then remove it with a wet
cotton swab your lips are now tender and
smooth black dots on the face - get rid
of annoying black dots on your face
try this recipe makes 2 tablespoons of
dried coffee grounds or finely ground
coffee the curd in a ratio of one to one
apply the remedy onto the steamed skin
massage it in for 2 minutes then leave
it on for another 10 minutes after that
rinse it off with warm water repeat the
treatment once a week to get the
flawless facial skin
oily skin this recipe will help you get
rid of excess oil on your face quickly
first mix fresh coffee grounds 1
tablespoon of yogurt apply the mixture
to your face massage it in for one to
two minutes and then rinse it off of
school water now your skin looks fresher
and better soul facial skin to get
healthier looking skin take one
tablespoon of coffee ground one
tablespoon of sour cream 1 tablespoon of
honey and one raw egg stir all the
ingredients until you get a smooth pulp
and then apply it to the face after 15
minutes princess cool water keep in mind
that you can apply the mask no more than
one to two times a week we bet you can't
recall any more beauty remedies of
coffee do you know other useful recipes
to look healthy and fresh let us know in
the comments below if you're visiting
our channel for the first time click
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life
[Music]
you